G,' [Man Singing]
- Are you ready?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Liz, you don't have to do this.
- No, Max. We are in this together.
That's what we said.
Together till the end.
I'; [Singing Fades]
- [Announcer Talking On Radio]
- [ Liz] Down! Down! Down! Down!
- [Sparking]
" [Lfz/Nom'
Better do what she says.
She's crazy.
Face on the floor now!
Yeah. I, uh, wanna
report an armed robbery in progress...
at Sam's Quick Stop
on Highway 65.
Yeah. Hurry.
[Beeping, Locks Disengaging]
- [ Panting]
- I have a family.
Hurry! We've only
got a few minutes!
[Approaching Sirens Wailing]
[Sirens Continue Wailing]
[Sirens Grow Louder]
What the hell?
Just keep your face down!
Keep your face down!
[ Liz ]
The cops are coming!
Come on. Let's go.
Come on! Let's go! Hurry up!
[Sirens Continue Wailing]
- How'd they find us so fast?
- I don't know.
Max, the gun!
All right! Hold on!
Max, they can't find out
about the diamond.
- Freeze!
- Hands! Let me see hands!
[ Panting]
You got any powers for this?
- Come on! Let's go!
- [0fi7cer] Get out of the car!
Hands on the car.
You have the right to remain silent.
If you give up the right to remain silent...
anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
I') [ Rock ]
g,' [Continues]
tyfffltf]
[Man]
Prewous/yon Roswell.
[ Max] Liz, there's something I need to
tell you. It's about Tess and me.
Our relationship is-
Something happened.
Liz, Tess is pregnant.
We're going back.
- Just tell me one thing: Do you love her?
- Not like I love you.
This was all some kind of plan
to get pregnant and go home, wasn't it?
This isn't over, Tess.
- [Isabel] What happens now, Max?
- I have to save my son.
- [Phones Ringing, Distant]
- [Low Chattering]
[ Max] So I was wondering if you wanted
to, you know, see me.
[Liz]
You mean, like, on a date?
[ Max]
lust somewhere we can talk.
I just wanna try
to start over, Liz.
♪♪ [ Man Singing Soft Rock]
- You look amazing.
- They're my favorite. Thank you.
So where are we going?
It's a surprise.
- G,' [ Singing Continues]
- It's kind of dark.
- Liz, I just wanna put everything that happened
behind us. - Yeah, you know, I would too...
if I had impregnated an alien killer who
had murdered one of our best friends...
and then left the planet
with my unborn child.
So you're still
holding onto that?
It's hard not to, Max. See, you slept
with Tess, and then you got her pregnant.
I don't know how
to just move past that.
- You hurt me, you know?
-;;[Singing Fades]
Liz, meeting someone-
someone like me- it attracted me.
I admit that. It was something I had to
find out about, and now I'm over it.
- It's not that simple.
- Liz, I'm here. I'm not goin' anywhere.
Isabel, Michael and I, we've lost
our only way home. There's no way back.
You're the only reason
for me to-
You're my only reason.
I wanna be with you.
Tess is pregnant with your child.
What about your son?
There's nothing I can do about that.
He's gonna be born...
in another world,
a world that I have nothing to do with.
I've accepted it.
Liz, you've paid a lot
to know me.
You've been hurt.
You've been put in danger.
Now I wanna make that
up toyou.
I wanna make your dreams
come true.
Will you let me do that?
[Door Opening, Squeaking]
- In the neighborhood?
- Son.
If you wanna get out of here
while you're still a young man...
don't say anything to anyone
unless I'm present.
I'm not your father right now;
I'm your lawyer.
- [ Sighs]
- 0/1, my God Max.
-[Sighing]
- It's all right, Mom. It's all right.
My God. Look at you.
What is going on?
Who are you?
So why are you under arrest for armed robbery?
Tell us: What the hell are you doing in Utah?
-jeff, stay calm.
- Calm? How am I gonna stay calm?
Honey, I know it isn't you. I know this
is not something that you would do...
but if you did do it, maybe it's because
somebody put you up to it.
- Yeah, they put me up to it. Right, Mo-
- Okay. That's enough.
- Now, tell us what the hell happened.
- I'm not gonna speak...
to anyone
until they let me talk to Max.
[ Liz] So I've broken, like,
12 of my mom's rules already.
- [ Max] Rules? She has rules?
- Well,yeah.
Yeah. Since I told her that you broke my heart--
without any of the alien details, of course-
she thinks that we shouidjust take things
slow-just dinner, then straight home.
No plans for future dates.
No makin' out.
Sol suppose skinny-dipping would be
against the rules too.
Uh-huh. [Chuckles]
N-N-No. No.
This is not happening.
Okay Okay You've made your point.
It's really not that funny
You can stop now.
What- Max. Max.
Whoa!
- Come on in! It's beautiful!
- No, it's not!
- It is obviously freezing! - Come on. This
is something we can tell our grandchildren.
Come on in, Liz.
Come on.
Fine! Okay? Fine.
- [Chuckles Softly]
- Grandchildren! What are they gonna be?
Three feet tall and green? But, hey,
lam not taking my underwear off.
- And x'fmy mother; Arke, ever; ever
finds out about this, - [Softly] Liz.
- You are, like, s0 deaafl okay?
- [Sputtering]
- Do we ha ve a deal? [S/ngsong] Ma-ax?
- [ Choking ]
Oh, Ma-ax?
Is that a deal, Max?
Huh? Ma- Max!
Oh, my God! Max!
- Just tell us what happened.
- Feel free to leave out the lurid details.
I told you already. He was just, like, laying there
in the water and he woke up in the car...
but he hasn't
said a single word.
You guys, isn't there some kind of cure
for this? You guys are the aliens.
- Do something here.
- [Pant/ng]
- [Slapping]
- Maxwell? Hey! Maxwell! Maxwell.
- Hey, what the hell's goin' on?
- [ Panting] Something happened.
L- I had this vision.
It was my son.
He's been born. He was reaching out
to me. He's in trouble.
[Chattering]
Now, if I'm to have any chance of graduating
this year, I need to get into your Bio 101 class.
Why didn't you come to my Bio 101 class
when you were in it?
- I'm turning over a new leaf. - Excuse me
while I take a moment to chuckle within.
Look it. Plans changed.
I thought I was movin' out of Roswell...
but as it turns out,
I'm stuck here for good.
And how far away
did you plan to move...
that you didn't thinkyour high school records
would've been sent to your new school?
Actually, pretty far.
Mr. Seligman, I know you hate my guts.
- Personally, I hate yours too.
- This is how you ask a favor?
But if you help me graduate this year,
then you won't have to see me next year.
Well, you do
have a point there.
Okay, Mr. Guerin.
I will let you
into my Biology 1 O1 class...
if you make a sacred vow to me right now
that you won't miss a single session.
- Michael. There you are.
- Miss Evans.
- I thought you graduated. - I did, Mr.
Seligman, but I <:an't seem to cut the cord.
- Too many fond memories. I need to talk to you.
- I got class.
It's important.
- I will be one minute.
- I'm sureyou will.
- Miss Evans, love the hair.
- Why, thank you.
- So what's goin' on? - Max and Liz got
arrested in Utah for armed robbery.
- We have to go.
- So much for ever getting out of this school.
What were they doin' in Utah?
- Mom.
- Isabel.
- 0h, your fither and I have been going crazy
- H i.
- Gosh. Philip?
- [Isabel] 50 what? going on?
[ Diane] We're still tryin' to figure out
what happened with your brother and Liz.
- Isabel. Hey.
- [Isabel] H1; Dad.
- This isjesse Ramirez, from my office.
- We met at the company-
Picnic. That's right.
Nice to see you again.
- Nice to see you again.
- 50 what have you found out, Philip?
[ Philip ]A detention hearing has been
set up for tomorrow with the judge.
Max and Liz
are first-time offenders.
No physical evidence has been
produced, so we're hoping...
they get a slap on the wrist
and get sent back home.
- [ Diane] What aboutjail?
- They can only go tojail if the case is transferred...
to the criminal court system
and they get tried as adults.
But so far,
that seems unlikely.
They haven't found a gun,
and there are no witnesses...
other than the nutcase
behind the counter...
who claims to have seen
an otherworldly, yellow light.
So as long as there's no evidence,
Max and Liz'll be okay, right?
- Yeah. Yep, we certainly hope so.
- Can we see them?
[ Door Opening]
Max, you idiot. What are you trying to do
to our poor, clueless human parents?
So what's the deal?
You run low on cigarettes?
There's an underground government
storage facility under the convenience store.
Well, that's a surprise.
- Our ship's there.
- You mean our spaceship?
It's been reassembled.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I can feel Biology 1 O1
slipping from my grasp.
So “reassembled"
as in, it works?
- [Max] Possibly.
- I thought we made an agreement...
to let go of the other world
and live here.
That was before my son
tried to contact me.
Max, a little reality check.
This shipyou're talking about... sucks.
It's a lemon. It crashed to begin with.
That's why we're stuck here.
- She's got a point.
- Yeah.
Look, I need you
to find something for me.
- I had to toss it before we got arrested.
- No.
No. We are not helping with this
absurd plan to find a spaceship, okay?
- This is ridiculous.
- This isn't about getting to a spaceship.
- Liz and I stole it. It's a diamond.
- You stole a diamond?
It's not actually a diamond.
It's the key to our ship.
It's alien, and if we don't find it
before the police do...
- we 'll be linked t0 another crime.
- [ Si g h s ]
We'll never get out of here.
So what does it look like?
Hey. I've been lookin' for ya.
Yeah. Yeah. I was just, uh-
Looking through Tess's stuff.
What's that?
It was buried among Tess's things.
It's a-
It's a letter Nasedo
wrote to her before he died.
It says, “I am your one
and only protector on this planet.
“I'll protect you
until the end.
If I ever die, this is our only way
to communicate with our home.”
And-
I have to contact my son, Liz.
Sol guess this part
of your life isn't over after all.
[ Beeping, Distant]
Mandatory attendance
I understand. Yeah.
An attitude improvement?
I'm already on that.
And the respect for authority.
Yeah. Absolutely.
- [Gun Cocks]
- Psst.
- Mr. Seligman, I gotta call you back.
- [ Phone Beeps Off]
- Who was that? - It's my science teacher.
I'm trying to graduate high school.
- Why don't you just get a G.E.D.?
- [Chuckles]
- No one hires someone with a G.E.D.
- I got a G.E.D. I'm doin' fine.
Yeah. You're
on a nice career path there.
I got a message
for your friend Max: Stop lookin'.
The person I work for
will do whatever is necessary to stop him.
Whatever is necessary.
Whatever, dude.
- [Gunshot]
- [ Gasps]
Don't be such a smart-ass.
Maybe that's your problem
in school too.
Don't make me come back
to Utah.
Why can't these aliens ever
get in trouble somewhere decent...
like Graceland or Tahoe
or New Orleans?
No. Utah.
Mormons and mountains.
Oh, my God. Maria.
I can? believe you're here.
Who am I, Liz?
Of course I'm here.
Okay. Thanks.
Now, give me some sugar. Mm.
- Hi.
Okay. First of all,
I have some alien green lime pie for you.
Maria, you are a goddess.
You know, if you were a boy, I would-
Okay. No. Don't go there,
girlfriend. All right.
Now, I talked to everyone involved,
and I got the total, unadulterated scoop.
Thejudge and D.A. of this town are totally
sweating it, because they have to go...
before council next month
for reappointment...
and they haven't
caught a criminal in, like, a decade.
So they're basically out
for your scalps.
Okay. That's all I have.
Now it's your turn. Spill.
Last I heard, you and Max
were tzyin' to take it slow.
[ Door Opening]
What?
Mmm.
What's going on, Liz?
- Do you love me?
- Yes.
- How much do you love me?
- Who areyou?
[Chuckling]
Look at this.
- How'd you find this?
- I spent 16 hours...
at the main branch
of the library in Albuquerque.
The diamond's owned by Dolores Browning,
one of the I O wealthiest women in the world.
- Where is it? - It's on permanent
loan at the Tate Museum in London.
But it's gonna be the main event
in a traveling exhibit.
It'll be in Santa Fe in two weeks.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
I wanna do this with you, Max, together.
- Why?
- Because if I had lost a child...
I would want you
to help me find him.
That's only part of the reason.
The other part is that I don't want you
to slip away from me.
I know what it's like to be with you, and
I know what it's like to be apart from you.
And I would rather be with you.
I don't know if I could live with myself
if anything ever happened to you.
Max, you're an alien king.
What could ever happen to me?
[ Knocking ]
- Thank you for this meeting, Mr. Ramirez.
- No problem, Isabel.
[ Moans]
Why didn't you tell me you were here?
I was working all night with your father.
I couldn't call.
- [ Sighs ] I just wish this could all be out in
the open. - I'm still not sure why it <:an't.
Well, there's the fact that you're 26,
and I'm barely legal.
Hmm. No.
You're an old soul.
- You have clearly lived before.
- You've no idea.
[Both Sigh]
So what were you and my father
holding back from us before?
- What do you mean?
- I saw the look between the two of you earlier.
Clearly you're not
telling us the whole story.
Jesse?
Last year, there was a robbery in the county.
A kid died. No one was ever charged...
and the local prosecutor
is taking a lot of heat for it, so...
this town is lookin'
for someone to hang.
- Max and Liz picked a bad place to play
Bonnie and Clyde. - [Phone Rxhgxhg]
Hello? Philip.
Oh, just working
on some research.
Okay. I'll be right over.
That was your dad.
They found evidence.
- _;*[S0fljazz]
- [ Chattering]
- [Woman ] You look fabulous.
- Thank you.
Okay.
- The honor's mine.
So you're
the Dolores Browning?
Well, I don't usually put an article
before my name, but, yes, I am.
So what's it like to actually
own all these diamonds?
I only own some of them-
well, most of them, actually.
- 50 you are?
- Max.
And you're not really a waiter? You're
really an aspiring artist or actor or-
- No. I'm just a waiter.
- A waiter? [ Laughs]
God bless you.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Oh. Liz.
- Nothing. Nothing.
I can't believe you. How many times
have I stuck my neck out for you...
and you are standing here obviously
flirting with a woman that is-
You obviously- Come on.
She's, like, twice your age.
- Liz, calm down. - [Liz] Calm down?
- I'd better be going.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, my God! You are apologizing to this bimbo?
- Excuse me?
- Liz, let's just walk away and forget it.
Forget it? Using that is your answer
to everything, isn't it, Max?
Forget everything.
Ignore everything.
- Excuse me, ma'am. Could you come with me,
please? - Can you please not touch me?
Listen. This is what he does, okay? You-
You're not special. He does this to everyone.
And you are a little bit too desperate
to see what is really going on here.
- Liz, will you just stop it? - I don't think
you have any idea who you're speaking to.
- Oh, I don't, huh? - [ Dolores
Gasps] - [Guard] That's it.
- Don't touch her!
- [All Gasping]
[Alarm Beeping ]
[All Exclaiming]
I believe this is yours. I'm sorry.
- Get me out of here.
- Liz-
You have humiliated me again.
Now, get me out of here.
Did you get it?
- [Max] of course f did
- We did it.
- You were brilliant.
- No. You were brilliant.
_,--;,-- [ Folksy I 0 W]
- That was so exciting.
- I know.
Just the fact that we pulled it off-
the whole thing.
It's just, like,
anythings possible right now.
[ Panting]
And throwing champagne at that woman-
It was so cathartic.
[ Moans]
Look, Max, I know what we did
is totally wrong...
and completely illegal,
but I just loved it, you know?
In a million years- in one million years--
did you ever think?
Yeah.
So now that we have the diamond,
we have to find the spaceship, right?
[ Panting]
Well, not right this second.
Oh, good.
[Chuckles]
Liz, it's 2:00 in the morning.
Where the hell have you been?
Liz... upstairs.
- Where were you?
- Nowhere.
- [jefijAnd what are you wearing?
- Clothes.
That's just the way things work here.
She'll be fine.
NancyJeff. Hi.
Mr. McGregor, good morning.
Nice to see you again,
Mr. Evans.
Mr. McGregor here was just giving us
the inside scoop on the Saiina court system.
Ah. How generous.
Well, nice to meet you folks.
NancyJeff.
You're good people.
Your daughter deserves her best shot.
What was that about? You know
he's tryin' to put our kids injail.
Mr. McGregorjust feels
that we'd be better off pleading guilty.
Well, he'd certainly be better off.
He's a prosecutor.
- Hisjob is to get a guilty plea.
- But he said that if we plead not guilty...
it could provoke the judge,
and he'd be that much more likely...
to transfer the case
to a criminal court.
Jeff, if we plead guilty to a felony, then
there's a case against them in criminal court.
We can't give them that option.
Believe me, I know what I'm doing.
What?
N-No. lt'sjust- This isn't personal, Phil.
It's just that you're a corporate lawyer...
and this is not your area
of expertise.
NancyJeff, that man you were talking to
wants a guilty plea...
and he'll say and do anything
he has to to get it.
If we plead guilty, I guarantee you
this case is going to criminal court.
Look. Our children are in this together.
We're all in this together.
Believe me.
I am doing right by your daughter.
- [ Male judge] You understand the charges
against you? - Wothfiesflour Honor.
- [judge ] How doyou plead?
- Not guilty. - Not guilty.
All right. Thank you.
Have a seat.
Mr. McGregor and Mr. Evans, I've
reviewed the material you've submitted.
Your Honor, before
you make a ruling on this...
I have additional material
that I feel is critical to this case.
- All right. Let's see it, Mr. Evans.
- Thank you.
Uh, these are four recent rulings
in Utah state courts...
all of which disallowed D.N.A. matches
from hair follicles...
to be submitted
as evidence.
Your Honor, in consideration of the fact
that these few strands of hair...
are the only physical evidence in this case,
and there are no priors on either defendant...
who are both standout students
and members of their community...
I ask that this matter be dismissed.
All right. Well, thank you, Mr. Evans.
I'll take that under consideration.
Max Evans...
it's the decision of this court that you be
released to the custody of your parents...
that you be returned to
your home state of New Mexico...
if you will agree not t0 return t0 the state
of Utah until y0ur2 7st birthday.
- Do you agree with that, sir?
- Yes, Your Honor.
Very good. Have a seat.
Elizabeth Parker.
Now, your voice and your height
match the description...
of the person in possession
of the firearm.
Armed robbery is one
of the 70 crimes punishable...
under Utah's Serious Shooter
Offender Act.
Therefore it is my decision to transfer
your case to the criminal court system.
[ Philip] But, Your Honor, there was
no gun found. The only mention of a gun...
was from the testimony
of a clerk whose credibility-
I've made my decision, Mr. Evans.
This is for another court to consider.
Oh, my God!
You can't do this!
Your Honor, this girl
has never so much as jaywalked.
She is one of the best students
in Roswell High.
Well, you're not in Roswell, counsel.
This hearing's adjourned.
Oh, my God! No! No!
You can't take her! You can't-
No!
[ Philip ]
It'll be okay. Liz. Liz, we'll talk, okay?
Liz, I've reviewed your case
with your parents...
and my advice, as your attorney,
is to try to make a deal.
- What kind of deal?
- You're a good kiafl Liz.
Honorstudent.
Clubs. Activities.
Maybe you fell in with a bad crowd,
met a guy with a problem.
Maybe Max dragged you
into this.
You want me
to sell Max out.
He sold you out when he made you
walk in there holding that gun.
- We're in this together.
- Not anymore.
Honey, you could
go tojail for 2O years.
Let's talk about the gun.
Did Max convince you to hold it?
Howb' you get it
t0 begin with?
JM POP]
So why do we need this?
- Road trip.
- Where?
I did some research
at the U.F.O. Center.
There are five government storage facilities
large enough to hold the ship.
- It's gotta be in one of them.
- [ Imitates Gunfire]
_ ; * [ Man Singing Pap ]
I don't see a government facility.
Do you?
Let's take a look.
G,' [ Singing Continues]
Don't worry
It won't be loaded.
If you go in there with a gun,
that's a felony.
- Why can't I just distract the clerk?
- There's not enough time.
I need at least five minutes to get
downstairs, see if the ship's there, see ifit works.
And what if it works?
I mean, you go off to Antar and what?
I mean, what if
you never come back?
I will come back,
but I'm not leaving yet.
I just have to see
if this is even a possibility.
I'm gonna have to
figure out how to navigate it.
- We can't get caught.
- We won't.
JM Fades]
- Oh.
- Let's go.
- What do you mean?
- Let's get out of here.
Max, and then what?
just be on the run the rest of our lives?
- We'd never be able to go home again.
- That's not as bad as it sounds.
No, Max. I'm sorry, but that's
just too far for me. I'm not ready...
to give up my home
or my family.
- I wish we could trade places.
- No. No, no, no, Max, okay?
I don't. You're free. We came here
for a reason- because your son is in trouble.
Now, you need to go back
and do what we came for.
You know?
See if your ship works.
Come on. I don't
want this to all be for nothing.
- [ Knocking]
- [Announcer Talking On TV, indistinct]
- How's it going?
- Maria's been cryin' about Liz the whole night.
- Other than that, things are great.
- I need the diamond.
[Sighs] Maxwell, I told you.
That guy scared the crap out of me.
There's someone out there that wants us to
stay away, and you know what? He convinced me.
I'll be careful.
Michael, my son is in trouble.
just give me the-
Give me the diamond.
I would do it for you.
You tell Isabel that you came in here,
and you found it yourself.
- Hey.
- How could you make Liz hold the gun?
Hey-
- Isn't your room down the hall?
- Yeah. I was just in there with Maria.
In there?
You were in there with Maria?
- Where are you goin'?
- My stuffs in the trunk.
- Right. Well, good night.
- Yeah. Good night.
[ Man ]
Max.
- I'm sorry. I have to, uh-
- Please.
Agent Burns of the F.B.I.
So, why Sam's Quick Stop?
♪♪ [ Rock, Low]
My case has been dismissed.
By the sheriff's office maybe. I'm gonna
give you the benefit of the doubt...
and assumeyou'rejust
an incompetent criminal.
But if you were in that store
for any other reason, be warned.
If you don't stop,
you and your girlfriend...
will not be
happy juvenile delinquents.
,3 [ Man Singing Rock]
[ Max's Voice]
I have to contact my son.
- My son is in trouble. - [ Isabel] We made
an agreement to let go of the other world.!
- [ Max] That was before my son tried to
contact me. - [Liz] I wanna do this...
with you, Max... together.
- [Max] Why?
- [Liz] Because if! had a child that I had lost».
I would want you to help me.
[ Max] Liz, I couldn't live with myself
I f anything happened.
[ Liz] Come on. We came out here
for a reason- because your son is in trouble.
Go back and do
what we came here to do.
g,' [ Singing Continues]
[Singer Wails]
I; [ Fades]
- What the hell's goin' on, Son?
- You followed me here?
Yes. Yes.
I followed you here...
because I can no longer
trust you to tell me the truth.
I thought you were involved in drugs,
but this is clearly something else.
What were you lookin' for
down here, Max? What is this place?
If I told you what this was about,
it would put you and Mom in danger.
- And what's this?
- Don't touch that, Dad.
It could be toxic.
Why would there be a toxic chemical
in the basement of a convenience store?
Just don't touch it, Dad.
Max, if this is what you think it is,
we might be able to help Liz.
What are you talking about?
How?
[Engine Switches Off]
Mr. Evans, it's nice to meet you.
Agent Burns of the F.B.l.
We now have jurisdiction.
So maybe someone can tell me
why the F.B.l. is so interested...
in two teenagers
robbing a convenience store.
Actually, Mr. Evans, we're not. We tested
the so-called toxic chemical you submitted...
to the sheriff, and it turned out
to be laundry detergent.
- It did? - We did our own test,
and it turned out to be tetryl.
I'm sure there are any number of people
in the media that would be interested...
to find out why such a dangerous chemical
was found underneath a convenience store.
And even more interested to find out
the location was on federally owned property.
You two are lucky
to be walking away from this alive.
You give me thatjar now,
and you were never here.
You never savv anything uncler that convenience
store. You never found any chemical there.
It's gonna be difficult not
to ever mention this again...
if that girl is still injail, Mr. Burns.
Could you
give us a minute?
- What's going on?
- The charges were dropped.
- What?
- Max's father discovered some improper conduct...
with the arresting officer,
and so they dismissed the case.
- Oh, my God, Mom.
- I know.
Oh, my God.
- Liz.
- Huh?
- Before we leave, there's something
I need to talk to you about. - Yeah?
Your mother and I
forbid you to see Max anymore.
He's not welcome
at our restaurant.
You are not to go out on a date with him
or attend the same parties.
If you pass him in school,
you are to look the other way.
It's for the best.
- Max, there was over $200 left in
that cash register. - .-";-"'[R0c'/<]
You didn't
do it for the money.
I never believed you did it
for some adolescent thrill.
You did it because you wanted
to get down those stairs into that room...
and I need you
to tell me why.
I can't ever tell you the truth.
Please don't make me lie to you.
[Sighs] I'm sorry, Son.
Silence is not acceptable...
and neither is a lie,
not after what we've just been through.
No. Not under my roof.
,3 [ Man Singing Rock]
I can respect that.
I just wanna thank you for helping Liz.
I'll always appreciate that.
I'll come by home
to pack my things.
Good-bye, Dad.
G,' [ Singing Continues]
[ Ignition Starting]
[Ignition Starts]
I; [ Fades]